Update documentation for 4.0 (#140)
gitextensions/GitExtensionsDoc: source/browse_repository.rst

=================

You can browse a repository by starting Git Extensions and select the repository to open. The main window contains
the revision graph (commit log). You could also open the ‘Browse’ window from the shell extensions and from :ref:`visual_studio`.

TBD This page is incomplete

The Browse window contains of several parts:

* `Main toolbar`_
* `Revision graph`_

> * `Tabs`_

Author: I find `Tabs` better describing the area

to commit`` window. Enter an SHA or other term to be passed to git-rev-parse into the box at the top and click ``Go``,
or select a branch or tag from one of the two combo boxes below.

Filter
^^^^^^

You can also filter the commit history so that fewer commits are shown.

Filter history
""""""""""""""

The history can be filtered using regular expressions and basic filter terms. Filtering will reduce the number of commits
that are shown in the Git Extensions commit history. The quick filter in the toolbar filters by the commit message, the
author and/or the committer.

.. image:: /images/quick_filter.png

.. _filter-file:

In the context menu of the commit log you can open the advanced filter dialog. The advanced filter dialog allows you to
filter for more specific commits. To remove the filter either remove the filter in the toolbar and press enter or remove the
filter in the advanced filter dialog.

.. image:: /images/advance_filter_dialog-menu.png

When a filter is set, the icon for the advanced filter is changed and you see the current filter as a tooltip for the button.

.. image:: /images/advance_filter_dialog.png

.. _browse-reflog:

Reflog
""""""

> By default Git will not show commits that has no branch or tag on a child. Such commits will be purged when Git runs maintenance.
> By enabling Reflog (toolbar button or ``View`` menu) these commits will be shown too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Git will not show any commits that are not reachable and don't have any references, such as a branch or a tag. Such commits will be purged when Git runs maintenance.
By enabling Reflog via the toolbar button or in the ``View`` menu these commits will be shown too.
```

Author: ok

Tabs
----

:ref:`settings-tabs`

Commit
^^^^^^

Shows conformation or the currently selected commit.

> This tab can be moved to the revision grid.

Reviewer: Typos? I'm struggling with this...

Author: `Commit information and message as well as branch and tag information for the selected commit.`

Especially this page in the doc should be improved. This PR is hopefully enough improvements to not be embarrassing.
I may make another stab at it some time, but no short term plans.

.. _browse-tabs-diff:

Diff
^^^^

See also 
:ref:`settings-diff-viewer-show-file-differences-for-all-parents-in-browse-dialog`
:ref:`settings-diff-viewer-show-all-available-difftools`

The file viewer will by default show the diff, but may also show Blame for the selected file.

File tree
^^^^^^^^^

Show the file tree for the commit. By default this shows Blame for a file.

GPG
^^^

Show the GPG key for signed commits.

Console
^^^^^^^

Show Git terminal.

Build report
^^^^^^^^^^^^

Optional, only shown if the build server plugin is configured for the repo and if it has found a build for the selected commit.
:ref:`settings-tabs-show-build-result-page`

.. _browse-side-panel:

Sidepanel
---------

> Show submodules, local and remote branches, tags and remotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show local and remote branches, git remotes, tags and submodules.
```
